this common dolphin that just
happened to wash up on the beach
where Noah gave me a call said
paint instead of putting in the
dumpster
would you like to use this for
your project it was the perfect
opportunity
we're going to try to better
understand what happens in the
deep ocean when a dolphin lays
to rest
prior to this no one has ever
done time lapse on deep sea
marine mammals
hopefully these cameras are
going to be able to tell the
story of how this animal
decomposes over time
you have no idea if it was just
going to sit there and bacteria
was going to cover it or if a
big shark was going to come
the installation just went
perfect we lower the frame down
we were able to adjust the
cameras we turn on the the
Dropcam and I think we chose a
really nice place for the sun
kissed often
it took us about six months or
so to really see all the flesh
disappear from the skeleton
this dolphin became a whole
ecosystem playground for lots of
different animals everything
from the smallest little
bacteria up to larger crabs and
eventually octopus and smaller
to medium sized fish
this was no easy task we know so
little about the deep sea that
it takes animals like this to
better understand what is going
on down there
our idea was to get the very
first video and photos ever of a
crocodile's jaws closed around
we got our very first attack on
a very first .